2) What is polymorphism, Encapsulation and abstraction ? 
	a) What is polymorphism ? 
		Polymorphism gives us the ultimate flexibility in extensibility. The abiltiy to define more than one function with the same name is called Polymorphism. 
		In java,c++ there are two type of polymorphism: compile time polymorphism (overloading) and runtime polymorphism (overriding).
		When you override methods, JVM determines the proper methods to call at the program’s run time, not at the compile time. 
		Overriding occurs when a class method has the same name and signature as a method in parent class.
		
	b) What is Encapsulation ?
		Encapsulation is the technique of making the fields in a class private and providing access to the fields via public methods. 
		If a field is declared private, it cannot be accessed by anyone outside the class, thereby hiding the fields within the class. 
		For this reason, encapsulation is also referred to as data hiding.
		Encapsulation can be described as a protective barrier that prevents the code and data being randomly accessed by other code defined 
		outside the class. Access to the data and code is tightly controlled by an interface.
		The main benefit of encapsulation is the ability to modify our implemented code without breaking the code of others who use our code. 
		With this feature Encapsulation gives maintainability, flexibility and extensibility to our code.
	c) Abstraction ?
		If a class is abstract and cannot be instantiated, the class does not have much use unless it is subclass. 
		This is typically how abstract classes come about during the design phase. A parent class contains the common functionality of a 
		collection of child classes, but the parent class itself is too abstract to be used on its own.	
3) what is difference between method overriding and overloading ?
Ans: a) First and most important difference between method overloading and overriding is that, 
		In case of method overloading in Java, Signature of method changes while in case of method overriding it remain same.
	b) Second major difference between method overloading vs overriding in Java is that You can overload method in one class but 
		overriding can only be done on subclass.
	c) You can not override static, final and private method in Java but you can overload static, final or private method in Java.
	d) Overloaded method in Java is bonded by static binding and overridden methods are subject to dynamic binding.
	e) Private and final method can also be not overridden in Java.
	
